README.md, before:

# Dragons Lair Reactification
A React-based informational website for Dragon's Lair Smoked Fine Goods, a small business in the Houston area. 

## Purpose
The purpose of this project is to build experience Reactifying an existing website. This is a group portfolio project for the Nucamp React Course, part of the Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp at Nucamp, taken in the Spring of 2022. 

## Authors
* [Chris Dickson](https://github.com/DicksonChris)
* [Kalani Man](https://github.com/sfotxl)
* [Nathan J Ripple II](https://github.com/IllusiveLegend)

## Implementation
We began with two existing websites, the website the business was using (found [here](https://dragonslairjerky.com/)), and a Bootstrapped website Mr. Man  built in another Nucamp course (viewable [here](https://dragonslair.netlify.app) and `[code]`[here](https://github.com/sfotxl/dragonslair).) 

We used [**OpenStreetMap**](https://www.openstreetmap.org) for our Map components.

We used [**React Router v6**](https://reactrouter.com/) for navigation.

And we used [**Yup**](https://github.com/jquense/yup) for form validation. 

## Future Features
The project lacks a back-end, but as we progress through the bootcamp, we hope to add back-end features that handle user input.

Commit message:

Update README.md (#25)
* Update README.md

Added anecdotal implementation info, moved credits to its own section, mentioned a store in future features.

Co-authored-by: Chris Dickson <70047029+DicksonChris@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Dragons Lair Reactification
A React-based informational website for Dragon's Lair Smoked Fine Goods, a small business in the Houston area. 

## Purpose
The purpose of this project is to build experience Reactifying an existing website. This is a group portfolio project for the Nucamp React Course, part of the Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp at Nucamp, taken in the Spring of 2022. 

## Authors
* [Chris Dickson](https://github.com/DicksonChris)
* [Kalani Man](https://github.com/sfotxl)
* [Nathan J Ripple II](https://github.com/IllusiveLegend)

## Implementation
We began with two existing websites:

* the website the business was using (found [here](https://dragonslairjerky.com/)),
* and a Bootstrapped website Mr. Man  built in another Nucamp course (viewable [here](https://dragonslair.netlify.app) | `[code]`[here](https://github.com/sfotxl/dragonslair).) 

In implementing React, we found it easy to use Components in various places. 

For example, the Map Component, once created, was easy to feature on the About Page, the Contact Page, and the Home Page, whereas in the Bootstrapped website, this important piece of information (important because the business relies primarily on in-person sales at a farmers' market) was only featured on the HomePage. 

Our Product Components (a simple Card and a detailed Card) were also easy to use throughout the site, and made future updating of new products easy. We were able to include code for seasonal products as well, which can easily be added to the current display. 

## Credits

We used [**OpenStreetMap**](https://www.openstreetmap.org) for our Map components.

We used [**React Router v6**](https://reactrouter.com/) for navigation.

And we used [**Yup**](https://github.com/jquense/yup) for form validation. 



## Future Features
The project lacks a back-end, but as we progress through the bootcamp, we hope to add back-end features that handle user input, and potentially a store.
